to me the thing that made the very core the navy different from civilian
life was the team orientation and I think that showed up in a number
of different ways and one of the ways it showed up social I was
the executive officer of a reserve unit in Topeka Kansas when I lived
in Colorado springs and the commanding officer lived in Denver so
when we had weekend duty we would fly from Denver and Colorado springs
down to Topeka to do our weekend duty that we follow her own nickel
and we had to pay our own way down and we did that for several years
and most of the rest the unit came from all over Kansas most of
them did not live there in Topeka so we don't get in there about Frady
about dinnertime and we all immediately start calling each other
because they put us up in the hope navy put us up in a hotel there for
the weekend if we are coming from base they paid for that we call
each other and find out who was there and we all get together we go
to dinner there we go out to one of the clubs and we drink beer and
listen to music all night as almost the entire unit even the guys who
lived in Topeka would come join us and do that and then we come and
we work hard all day Saturday then we do that again Saturday night
we all get together go to dinner together go to clubs together so
to me that indicates kind of the navy culture we were a team we ate
together when we knew each other we know each other by name we knew
each other's problems we knew how to help each other get through